The recommended path that you should take if you want to go to school
and you know that that's really in your future, I would think that the
number one thing to do if you're kind of managerial oriented would
be try to become an officer. That means that the Navy could pay for
your education while you're in school, and so you can have a free
education, and then you can start the Navy making a higher salary and
doing jobs that are much more high tech because the they demand that
college degree. The second path is the path that I kind of took,
which is you serve out your military path, at the end of it then you
get the Montgomery GI bill, in my case, for older people. Or you can
get the Post-9/11 GI Bill. They both pay incredible sums of money,
most of the time they pay for your college tuition fully. If you go
to a private school, then in many cases it can be free or paid for,
and at that time, because you're in the reserves or you just got out
of the military completely, you can, you can use the Navy's past work
to kind of fill in, to get the rest your college degree.